Propose a bug report issue (#3119)
quantumlib/Cirq: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> **Describe the bug**

Reviewer: This is a bit over-general, like "How to solve the problem. Step 1) describe the solution to the problem. Step 2) ...". Maybe "What went wrong?".

Reviewer 2: How about "Describe your expectation and what Cirq does instead"?

> Pleas give a clear and concise description of what the bug is here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please give a clear and concise description of what the bug is you see.
```

Reviewer 3: +1

**To Reproduce**

> If you can describe the steps needed to reproduce here that will help us squash the bug faster.  If you can reproduce the bug using simple code, please put that code here.

Reviewer 3: Optional: Since you mention code samples, consider adding that github supports markdown and perhaps linking to https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax or somesuch.

Author: done

**Cirq version**

> Please describe what version of Cirq you are using.  If you installed cirq via pip you can get the version by running `pip show cirq`.

Reviewer 3: Optional: Something like `python -c 'import cirq; print(cirq.__version__)'` has the benefit of working regardless of how cirq was obtained.

Author: done

> If you can describe the steps needed to reproduce here that will help us squash the bug faster.  If you can reproduce the bug using simple code, please put that code here.  Github supports [markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax), you can surround code snippets by three backticks \`\`\` to show the code elegantly in the bug.

Reviewer: Since this is a template, you can put formatting elements in for the user instead o describing how to put formatting elements in:

    ```
    import cirq
    cirq.cause_bug()
    ```

Reviewer 2: I agree - we can cut most of the description here with the code template. 
Plus, for the output, you can do: 

```
<details>
my output
</details> 
```

Which will create a foldable output for long outputs, keeping the bug tidy.

> Please describe what version of Cirq you are using.  You can learn this by running `python -c 'import cirq; print(cirq.__version__)'`.

Reviewer: Suddenly we're in the command line context; could be confusing. Just `print(cirq.__version__)` might be better.

Reviewer 2: also, do we know a good command that would result in us knowing: 
- OS 
- python version 
- versions for cirq dependencies in the current Python PATH? 

Or should we write one?

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Description of the issue**

**How to reproduce the issue**

> \`\`\`

Reviewer 2: no need to escape - this is a template!

> put code in code blocks

Reviewer 3: nit: "put code in code blocks *like this*" is a little more concrete (it implicitly explains what a "code block" is) and sounds even less formal

\`\`\`

> \<details\>

Reviewer 2: no need to escape - this is a template!

> put long logs in details blocks

Reviewer 3: ditto: "put long logs in details blocks *like this*"

\<\/details\>

> **Cirq version (optional)**

Reviewer 3: Why make version optional? Not specifying the version potentially makes issues harder to reproduce. Also, for users reading or searching through our issues version is also a good guide to how far cirq may have changed since something was first reported (and is therefore a better indicator of staleness than dates on github posts).

Author: removed optional, mostly this was just to reduce friction.

> You can get the cirq version by printing `cirq.__version__`. From the command line this can be obtained by running 

Reviewer 3: nit: "From the command line:" is shorter, less formal and conveys the same information.

Author: done
